You should know it now, right?
This interest in Beicheng is like a sign from nowhere, and what kind of sign is it that was brought down by you?
You should have entered by yourself, are you still interested in this Xingzhao given to you now?
But in this project of yours
How is the vegetable family being operated?
It’s not just the projects that have been cancelled.
And the village headquarters
It was announced that he was injured
It's because of what you did
Just tell us that the family department is just
You don’t even think about it
You promised
Actually know this generation
under the curtain
Conquer others from birth
Let’s deal with the genus foot, so
If you leave
I won’t be reincarnated anymore
It's just a private house
But your dear hand
private house
All have been trapped
I want to do something for you
Try to tell him personally
Let him cover it
Then let me tell you
Sister Kuai, what's wrong with you?
Come here, I have something to tell you
Okay I'll be right over
The Su family will never let me leave the territory
Mrs. Bu Guoding is calling.
They must have made it difficult for me.
Don’t want to retire and recover
In the middle, now I start to regulate the position
And the county team
Let's go to Su's house
Give me a surprise